--- 'Once upon a time'
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She liked to play with her toys in her room. One day, Lucy found a big box in her room. She thought it was a fun game to play hide and seek.
Lucy hid the box under her bed. She thought it would be fun to hide her friend. But, there was a terrible dog in her room. The dog was very scary and would not want to be in a monster. Lucy wanted to find her friend, but she did not want to find her friend.
Lucy thought for a moment and then she had an idea

--- 'Lily wanted to'
Lily wanted to go to the bathroom. She wanted to go to the bathroom and wash her hair. She went to the bathroom and saw her friends. They were not toys, but they were not available. They were happy, but they did not notice how dirty their hair was.
"Look, Lily, there's nothing!" Tom said, pointing to a small piece of clothes in the bathroom. "It looks like a rotten dress."
Lily frowned and said, "No, I want to go to the bathroom!"
Tom's mom said, "You are not very polite, Tom.

--- 'The big dog'
The big dog was surprised. It did not know that the cat was friendly. The cat said, "Hello, fish. I was a nice cat. But I lost my toy." The dog was not scared anymore. He was happy to help the cat. They became good friends. And the cat and the big dog played together.


--- 'One day, Tom found'
One day, Tom found a big, red ball in a garden. He was very happy and wanted to play with it. He picked a ball with his teeth, but he was not good at it. Tom was sad and did not know what to do.
One day, Tom met a little girl named Sue. Sue was also enthusiastic to read her book too. Tom asked, "Can I play with you?" Sue said, "Yes, let's play together!" They played and had fun, but when the sun went down, it was time to go home.
Tom and Sue knew they had to get to

--- 'In the garden, there was'
In the garden, there was a lot of toys. Jazz had a big red ball that he loved to play with. He would run around the garden and make sand castles with his friends. Everyone had fun, but they didn't want to share it.
One day, a little boy named Timmy came to the garden. Timmy saw the big red ball and wanted to play with it. He tried to pull it open, but it was too heavy. The ball didn't move. Timmy tried to pull it, but it wouldn't open. In the end, Jazz was still sad and lonely.


